README.md, before:

-----README for Package Tracking Project-----


Description:
---------------------------------------

The goal of this project is to track the whole progress of a shipped package. User will be able to move through each step of the package tracking process and
see the time, date, and location of the package at a particular step. Requires a text file to load the data from.

---------------------------------------



Implementation: 
---------------------------------------

The project utilizes the standard library list and stores the data from the text file inside a doubly linked list. After the data is stored inside the list the
user data is stored in various variables after the text file is parsed. There are various functions that allow the user to move through the list and see the 
data at each step in the package tracking process.

---------------------------------------

Future implementation:
---------------------------------------

In the future the project will use iterators to move through the list. Currently the project uses a contrived way of moving through the list using a number to
keep track of how many steps were taken. It will iterate through the list depending on how large the number is. Also in the future we will make the way the
text file is parsed neater using a different sort of string parsing technique. 

---------------------------------------

Credits:
---------------------------------------

Aaron Gumabong <aarongumabong@gmail.com>
Gonzalo Plascencia <gonzalo_p@csu.fullerton.edu>

Commit message:

added file names and c++compiler

README.md, after:

-----README for Package Tracking Project-----


Description:
---------------------------------------

The goal of this project is to track the whole progress of a shipped package. User will be able to move through each step of the package tracking process and
see the time, date, and location of the package at a particular step. Requires a text file to load the data from.
this project includes 5 files needed to run as follows:
PackageTracking.cpp	sunday 
PackageTracking.h	
ShippingStatus.cpp	
ShippingStatus.h	
TBA688567081000.txt	
a c++ compiler is needed and runs (only tested) on visual studios 2017 version 15.3.4

---------------------------------------



Implementation: 
---------------------------------------

The project utilizes the standard library list and stores the data from the text file inside a doubly linked list. After the data is stored inside the list the
user data is stored in various variables after the text file is parsed. There are various functions that allow the user to move through the list and see the 
data at each step in the package tracking process.

---------------------------------------

Future implementation:
---------------------------------------

In the future the project will use iterators to move through the list. Currently the project uses a contrived way of moving through the list using a number to
keep track of how many steps were taken. It will iterate through the list depending on how large the number is. Also in the future we will make the way the
text file is parsed neater using a different sort of string parsing technique. 

---------------------------------------

Credits:
---------------------------------------

Aaron Gumabong <aarongumabong@gmail.com>
Gonzalo Plascencia <gonzalo_p@csu.fullerton.edu>
